Update instructions for building the generic_action_skill (#116)
intrinsic-dev/intrinsic_sdk_ros: generic_action_skill/README.md

### Step 1: Build the Skill Bundle

> This command build the code, the Intrinsic SDK, and the necessary ROS dependencies into a tar image.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can build the skill, package its dependencies, and bundle the final asset in a single command using the custom `colcon` extension verb:
```

```bash
./src/sdk-ros/scripts/build_container.sh \
  --ros_distro "jazzy" \
  --skill_package generic_action_skill \
  --skill_name generic_action_skill \
  --dependencies "ros-jazzy-common-interfaces ros-jazzy-action-tutorials-cpp ros-jazzy-action-tutorials-interfaces python3-absl python3-retrying python3-yaml"

> ```

Reviewer: ```bash
colcon intrinsic_bundle --packages-select generic_action_skill --keep-builder
```

> _Note: You will need to add to the `dependencies` tag the packages required for the action being used. Those will be installed during the build process._

Reviewer: ```suggestion
_Note: All ROS and system dependencies declared in `package.xml` will be resolved and installed automatically during the container build stage. The `--keep-builder` flag is recommended to ensure the builder daemon completes file flushing safely._
```

> The next command then wraps the tar image with additiona Flowstate metadata (manifest and proto descriptors) to make it into a deployable tarball.
> 
> ```bash
> ./src/sdk-ros/scripts/build_bundle.sh \
>   --skill_package generic_action_skill \
>   --skill_name generic_action_skill \
>   --manifest_path src/sdk-ros/generic_action_skill/src/generic_action_skill.manifest.textproto
> ```
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The generated deployable OCI bundle will be saved at:
`./intrinsic_asset_bundles/generic_action_skill/generic_action_skill.bundle.tar`
```
